I went to the state school and that didn't work out very well because I was, I couldn't speak English.
And I was teased mercilessly.
You know, they would call me names. Jerry was the favourite one because of course the war had just started
and they would run around pretending to be airplanes as little children did in those days with arms outstretched, making noises.
And I was always the Messerschmitt which got shot at.
Anyway, it wasn't very pleasant. The fact that I couldn't speak a word of English of course and no effort was really made to include me in the lessons.
So every day at break time at 10 o'clock I sneaked out through the gate and ran home.
And this went on for three or four months apparently until, well nobody missed me for a start.
But I was called by my father's sister, my aunt, who came to visit my mother unexpectedly and found me sitting on the railway, bang-banging, watching the trains.
And of course she told my mother and that was the first intimation that my mother had that something had gone wrong at school.